# Welcome to Fisp

Fisp is a Lisp interpreter I'm building in F#. Currently I am following the tutorial found at [www.buildyourownlisp.com/](https://www.buildyourownlisp.com/).

It uses a parser combinator library, I'm not using such a library, so I'm filling in the gaps with my limited interpreter knowledge. I have previously followed [interpreterbook.com/](https://interpreterbook.com/) and built an intrepreter for a C type language, Monkey. (I wrote the interpreter in F#, ratherh than Go as demoed in the book, but that's beside the point)

I'm hoping to continue learning F#, while also getting exposed to Lisp for the first time by writing Fisp.

## Motivations

Right now, my motivations are personal. I have loved the productivity and simpleness I've found creating the Monkey language. Everything works quickly on my machine, no CSS/HTML to fidget with to get to display correctly.

I don't know enough about Lisp to be super opinionated about what this needs to look like. (I've barely played around with Lisp since my college days.) So probably not the best person to be designing an interpreter for a language I don't really know, but we've all done silly things before right???

## Dreams

I was thinking how the JVR has Clojure, but the CLR doesn't really have a well known Lisp language that integrates well into the environment. Maybe one day Fisp will be talked about in the same conversation as Clojure. Odds are probably won't happen, but maybe one day.

I know about [Bike](https://github.com/Lovesan/bike), which I'll probably take some inspiration from if I ever get that close to making it interoperable. If I were smart I'd probably stand a better chance of completing the Lisp on CLR dream if I just learned how to use Bike and started from there. But I'd like to learn and try it myself. Time will tell if that worked out well for me or not.

## Name

I don't love the current name, Fisp = F# Lisp. I don't know if it will stick. I've considered calling it L#, (in the vein of C#, F#, and Q#) but that feels a bit ambitious at this point in time. 

I'll probably try to find a better name for it as some point, maybe something with a bike theme as I like bikes, and will probably be leveraging the Bike language as mentioned above. We shall see.

See you soon!